---
layout: post
title:  "Rails"
date:   2017-2-26 20:18:04
categories: objects
intro: "I'm in week 3 of the Rails course, this week we are going to learn how to use an API with Ruby on Rails. So far I've learned user authentication and AJAX. When I was learning user authentication I followed along with Code Academy's tutorial. The reason why I wanted to learn how to make my own user authentication was because"
---

I'm in week 3 of the Rails course, this week we are going to learn how to use an API with Ruby on Rails. So far I've learned user authentication and AJAX. When I was learning user authentication I followed along with Code Academy's tutorial. The reason why I wanted to learn how to make my own user authentication was because I wanted to have a good understanding on how the gem Devise works. My grandfather taught me a life lesson when I was 12 years old.

My grandfather and I were building a fence. He was teaching me how to hammer nine inch nails in the post. I couldn't seat a nail in to save my life I kept hitting my thumbs. So I asked my grandfather to use the nail gun. He told me "If you can't hammer a nail in by hand, you don't deserve to use the nail gun". I asked "Why?", he told me "If it was easy they wouldn't of made a nail gun". I still didn't understand was he was trying teach me. Then he drove me down to the barn. He passed me a 5 gallon bucket of nails and pointed at a stack of boards and said "Make a 3 foot by 3 foot box". After a few band-aids, blood, sweat, and tears I finished the box. I went back up to the house, as I was walking up stairs he was clucking. He drove me to barn again, as he was looking at box he looked at the pile of nails that I bent. Then he told me to take it apart in my head I was steaming. After that he told me to make it again but don't bend the nails. After three days and many attempts later I finally builded it with no bent nails. We started on the fence again. We got one side done, my body was so sore from all that work. Then he asked me the why did I have you hammer all those nails in this week? I didn't know I was so upset so I shrugged my shoulders. He laughed and told me "Now you will appreciate the nail gun more than you have before". It hit me like a bus I didn't realize what he was trying to teach me. That's why I try to learn everything the long hand way before learning the short hand way.

I'm almost done with the boot camp I'm super excited for the internship. I haven't made up my mind about which internship yet but I do have my eye on one called Lumen Learning. Lumen Learning creates digital course materials that replace expensive textbooks in high-enrollment college courses and save students millions every term. They started this project in 2012 and had great success. Seeing this improvement makes me excited to apply. 
